Update README file to document last changes (#15)
theaiscope/GDD-webapp: README.md

> To run unit tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests:
```

```shell

> yarn test #unit tests setup and start the firebase emulator. And jest as the test runner and testing-library for interacting with the dom

Reviewer: As a suggestion:
```suggestion
yarn test # setup and start the [Firebase Emulator](https://github.com/firebase/firebase-tools#deployment-and-local-emulation), uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) as the test runner and [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/) for interacting with the DOM
```
